# Appendix: Who Might Benefit From Litex

1. AI researchers. Researchers from OpenAI, Google, Alibaba, DeepSeek, etc are exploring the loop of model itself writes a question, itself solves, and in this way, the model itself improves itself. This is a very promising direction. They need something to tell whether the reasoning process is correct. Litex can be used to ensure the correctness of the reasoning process as long as the reasoning process is formalized in Litex. This makes Litex a very fundamental infrastructure for AI. At the same time, AI safety researchers need to ensure the safety of the output of the model, and now they are turning to formal languages for help. As models are becoming more and more powerful and dangerous, the need for formal languages is becoming more and more urgent.

2. Mathematicians. As we all know, a small piece of error in a proof can lead to a huge disaster, while somehow human beings still manage to push the frontier of math to a very high level. This is truly remarkable. That is why I am excited to see what we can do with Litex, a power tool ensuring the correctness of any piece of reasoning and saving mathematicians from the tedious work of proof checking. Mathematicians can finally work together with a stranger and the Litex kernel gives you the certificate of correctness of his/her contribution. The scale of collaboration, the scale of mathematical discovery, and the scale of mathematical knowledge are all going to be scaled up to a new level that nobody can imagine.